This is London Bus Times, an Android application that allows you to check the arrival time of buses
around London.

This is a project I have made mainly for myself, however the project is on GitHub for others to see
and use. The project is complete, however, in future I may get round to adding more features and
publishing it on the play store. The features of this app include:

- A main menu which contains a list of favourited stops. Each list item shows the name of the stop,
and where in London the buses arriving at this stop will be heading towards. You can tap on a
stop to view the arrival times of the incoming buses. The main menu has two buttons, an Add Stop
button, which takes you to an activity where you can add stops to your favourited list, and a
Use Map button which allows you to view and add stops to your list with Google Maps. You can remove
a stop from your list by pressing the delete icon on the right side of a list item.

- An Add Stop activity where you can add stops to your favourited list on the main menu by entering
the name of the stop you want to add, or by entering a unique 5 digit code which identifies that
stop (can be found at the stop). Appropriate messages are displayed if the stop is already present
in the list or the stop name or code is invalid.

- An interactive map (provided by Google Maps) which allows you to view all 17,000+ bus stops in
London (a marker is position over each bus stop). You can add a stop to the favourited list in the
main menu from this map and you can view the arrival times for buses at each stop.

- An activity which displays the stop you have selected and a list of buses arriving to this stop
within the next 30 minutes. The list contains the bus number/lineID e.g. X16, 114, the destination
of the arriving bus, and the time in minutes until the bus arrives at the selected stop, displaying
Due if there is less than 1 minute until the bus arrives.

This project was written in Java and uses 3 external libraries (excluding the libraries needed to
create an android app that are provided by default in the build.gradle file by Android Studio):

- Google Play Services Location and Maps, to create the interactive map
- Google Maps Clustering by Sharewire, to allow fast, responsive marker clustering on the
interactive map
- Apache Commons Text, for a small use involving capitalising some words

The Transport For London Countdown API was used to power much of this app, including stop names,
codes, locations, bus arrival times and more. To see a demo of this application, I have recorded a
short video showcasing the app which can be found in this folder as demo.mp4, recorded on a Galaxy
S7, you may download and view this video. Currently, If you wish to use this app, load the project
into Android Studio and run it on your android emulator or phone (instructions available online)